Patrik Stas: Well, hello! Everyone tuning into 2,022 December 20 ninth ares. Call this week it's gonna be a short update.
Patrik Stas: It's Florida.
Patrik Stas: As for the
Patrik Stas: stuff
Patrik Stas: the stuff done this stuff done goes
Patrik Stas: so we can skip over that for discussion. as there's there's no one to discuss with this week, so we jump right into the overview of the recent work. And most of it is actually stuff we've discussed on the previous call.
Patrik Stas: So i'll just go through it. Fairly quickly. So
Patrik Stas: those fair amount of refactoring done
Patrik Stas: starting with the error handling. yeah, this has been in pretty detail
Patrik Stas: overviewed. in the last call.
Patrik Stas: but essentially we are splitting off error kinds per crate, so each grade has its own error. Kind?
Patrik Stas: And there's clearly distinct mapping between these these error types.
Patrik Stas: and most particularly where we originally had only one error type for both Libby 6 and a is the 6. Now we have 2 of them, so it's split it out for great
Patrik Stas: and just overly much cleaner. Now.
Patrik Stas: next up I've built on top of this Pr. Was a messaging
Patrik Stas: create refactoring again. This has been a card last week. but
Patrik Stas: And this just just briefly, this is adding this: this was extraction of the the dock. Create out of my every messages great
Patrik Stas: and consequently also extraction of some shared pieces of code into a new create called shared Vcx.
Patrik Stas: So so that's that. After that. there was this a big
Patrik Stas: clean up which has been long covered you
Patrik Stas: first that was the massive re reformatting across the board a lot of lot of lines has been touched here.
Patrik Stas: Going with the mix with of 120 characters, with the cargo Smt
Patrik Stas: so slightly slightly about the default.
Patrik Stas: but most of the lines is never less. Not 120 lines
Patrik Stas: due to as as a cargo formatting formatting works.
Patrik Stas: So yeah, also lots of stock change here, but
Patrik Stas: it was purely re reformatting is also adding a a job to Ci, where we check formatting of every every coming now
Patrik Stas: followed by that another massive all those smaller
Patrik Stas: almost clippy fixes.
Patrik Stas: it's quite a bit of line still. But yeah, there's not really any functional changes
Patrik Stas: just fixes as per clippy suggestions.
Patrik Stas: not all of the slippy warnings has been applied some of them.
Patrik Stas: and instead being put sort of on hold
Patrik Stas: and you can see in a in the in the lip files.
Patrik Stas: there's some.
Patrik Stas: There's some clip. You warnings.
Patrik Stas: There's some clippy links which are originally at the warning level, but has been overridden to allow. So we don't get currently warning out of these links.
Patrik Stas: and but obviously going forward long term it will be nice to fix all of these as well
Patrik Stas: so
Patrik Stas: anybody funding to pick up a a small small enhancement task.
Patrik Stas: you can just go ahead and do it. You know one of these lines in some of the leap Rs files. See what kind of warnings start popping up in clippy, and you know you can go ahead and fix it. It'll be definitely appreciated.
Patrik Stas: Yeah. So that's that's As for the work done, goes there's few pieces in progress currently.
Patrik Stas: So as from from George George's
Patrik Stas: update on
Patrik Stas: on this court George is now working on the
Patrik Stas: implementing verifier api for credits.
Patrik Stas: so yeah, so there's already like draft. Pr.
Patrik Stas: she needs some
Patrik Stas: probably tweaks, maybe conflict resolution. Yeah.
Patrik Stas: But yeah, this shouldn't be, I guess. Too long. I i'm not sure if this is complete.
Patrik Stas: but
Patrik Stas: so
Patrik Stas: that's a very far part. It should be easier
Patrik Stas: almost.
Patrik Stas: Yeah, okay. The verifier part with the credit should be easier than the issue. So according to George, this is almost done.
Patrik Stas: and then following George's update here on this card.
Patrik Stas: After After the very far pieces work piece is done, he'll move on to the issue Api's with credits, and, as he says hopefully, they're as straightforward as very far. Api is probably not, though. So that's that's true.
Patrik Stas: we'll see how that goes, and how complex that gets
Patrik Stas: so that's that's Here added this a new task one of the new issues which has been created in last week
Patrik Stas: has been has been this video resolver.
Patrik Stas: so obviously like video is kind of like first class citizen shouldn't be
Patrik Stas: And
Patrik Stas: we should
Patrik Stas: we should adjust accordingly.
Patrik Stas: with our approach in the code, so
Patrik Stas: currently we do resolve.
Patrik Stas: we we do have like
Patrik Stas: so
Patrik Stas: who implement a resolution of the Id service.
Patrik Stas: According to a of a method.
Patrik Stas: however.
Patrik Stas: we should just come out.
Patrik Stas: tweaked the Api to some more about the vo.
Patrik Stas: and just get the service. Consequently from that
Patrik Stas: is a side more of a side effect.
Patrik Stas: or like part, you know. So it's it's just a part of the video. So
Patrik Stas: we can
Patrik Stas: is going as it is for the starter. we should implement some trait
Patrik Stas: for the ddo resolver and implement. It did solve implementation which we currently focus on. But we
Patrik Stas: as soon going forward, we can expect also adding the did in the the method.
Patrik Stas: and we can also consider adding, support for like
Patrik Stas: third party resolver, you know. so we could
Patrik Stas: we could implement like the idea. You you need a resolver resolver which would actually enable us to resolve
Patrik Stas: de videos across different blockchains. But obviously I use drawback of these approaches. It's relying on third party. It's not really so self sovereign anymore.
Patrik Stas: but we'll see how that goes. We'll start with the did so, and did indeed. and this can be a kind of a experimental feature. I would love to have more native implementations, some sort of pluggable way.
Patrik Stas: You could choose that
Patrik Stas: the resolver implementations you are interested in, and you know, support Those like would be great to have did
Patrik Stas: the id
Patrik Stas: methods support. But i'm not sure how complex, how how difficult! What's the requirements of you, you know, resolving
Patrik Stas: those methods
Patrik Stas: so we'll see about that in the future.
Patrik Stas: all right. that's that, and I guess some coming here at the bottom of our list.
Patrik Stas: I moved the last Week's new task into the backlog part of our Wiki page.
Patrik Stas: So
Patrik Stas: yeah, we'll start picking up from here.
Patrik Stas: Oh, there was one more a Pr. Which has been merged yesterday.
Patrik Stas: and that was the levy 6 refactoring
Patrik Stas: so I should. I should update the page here.
Patrik Stas: So this is not exactly
Patrik Stas: and down because we didn't really
Patrik Stas: so it
Patrik Stas: maybe
Patrik Stas: i'll leave it here for now, because we didn't really fulfill this as it's written here. But what has been done is splitting of live vcx
Patrik Stas: into like 2 modules.
Patrik Stas: so
Patrik Stas: so the way it will be 6 looks like now.
Patrik Stas: is it this Api, c. And api Vcx Api, c. Is purely the original original. See Bindings.
Patrik Stas: plus everything needed to make them work, and how to, and to make the tests around these to work.
Patrik Stas: so this you details, but other than that, these are all
Patrik Stas: the bindings, all the fi api's.
Patrik Stas: and define here.
Patrik Stas: And then we have another piece the sort of internal
Patrik Stas: Libby 6 core, let's call it piece called api, vcx
Patrik Stas: api, c. Is using Api, but we still not the other way around.
Patrik Stas: And this is like the original so-called handle layer.
Patrik Stas: and just some other Apis which which we are calling from Api sea layer
Patrik Stas: in the Api global
Patrik Stas: some module
Patrik Stas: so we had. This kind of provides clear division. And now what basically what can be easily done?
Patrik Stas: So you can build your own
Patrik Stas: you can build your own.
Patrik Stas: if I sort of wrapper. If I binding similar to Api, C,
Patrik Stas: we can create like a new
Patrik Stas: new create. It could be, perhaps even part of the bcx. Some sort of new module
Patrik Stas: on top of Api sinks which
Patrik Stas: which provides the the Fi Api
Patrik Stas: So we we are currently doing this with a note. not Prs
Patrik Stas: to basically build a new node wrapper.
Patrik Stas: but those
Patrik Stas: somebody interested in building slaughter rapper. So I think it should be now
Patrik Stas: easier to do for sure
Patrik Stas: to build it a P. To build it. Flatter
Patrik Stas: brepper
Patrik Stas: with the Api Vcx
Patrik Stas: as a as a foundation.
Patrik Stas: Okay? well, that being set, I think this covers truly everything
Patrik Stas: and
Patrik Stas: soon New year's coming so
Patrik Stas: happy New Year and
Patrik Stas: i'll be looking for it for the
Patrik Stas: 2,023, with.